PROJECT WIKI

MEDY is a cloud based system for storing patient health record. MEDY aims to solve the problem of pastients having to fill forms in every new hospital that they visit. It offers flexibility in accessing patients health data and past medical records. It does this by seamlessly storing patients health information and medical record securely in a central database. With this functionality, MEDY can be used to track outbreak of diseases. Registered patients are issued with a MEDY card that contains a barcode of their unique IDs. Whenever their health information and/or medical records are required anywhere in the world, hospitals using the MEDY platform can simply scan the card and retrieve the patient information. MEDY is NOT a hospital management system.

REGISTER/SIGN UP
With register, only doctors can register. Patients can however not register themselves unto the MEDY system. They can only be registered by a doctor in a hospital that uses MEDY platform.
Doctor Register/SignUp
1. Click on register a hospital on the login page.
2. Follow prompts and enter details in forms shown for both the doctor and hospital.
3. When information has been entered, click on register/sign up button to register doctor and hospital.

Patient Register/SignUp
1. When the hospital admin logs in, the homepage displays a unique dashboard for hospital administrators only. Admin can add patients and view patients.
2. Adding patient displays a registration page for patient registration. 
3. Enter information in fields specified. Click on submit button. 
4. Patient will receive information of his/her unique ID and password generated by the system. 

Patient Edit Info
  Patient can only edit the part of their information that does not require specialist examinations
  Patients can edit the said information directly from where they view them
1. Login
2. Edit information by simply changing the values of the required fields
3. Click update button


LOGIN
All users use the login page. 
Doctor Login
1. Enter username or email and password
2. Click login button

Patient login
1. Enter email and password
2. Click login

BARCODE SCANNING FOR SEARCH 
1. Place cursor on the ID field available on the doctor dashboard
2. Scan patient card with a barcode scanner
3. If the card is valid, the patients records are displayed


